As a Pittsburgh Steelers fan left MetLife Stadium two weeks ago, he raised his right hand &mdash; a Terrible Towel in it, naturally &mdash; and loudly asked, &ldquo;Who brought back the replacements?&rdquo; And his team won. No, N.F.L. officiating has not sunk back to the level of the first three weeks of the season, when the regular game officials
The world-record-holder Sun Yang won a third gold medal at the Asian swimming championship in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, to cap another day of Chinese dominance in the pool. Sun, a four-time Olympic medalist, won the 1,500-meter freestyle in a championship record time of 14 minutes 44.10 seconds, far short of his world record time but enough to
Sochi, a Black Sea resort city in the southwest corner of Russia, is preparing for the Olympics in February 2014, when it will become the first subtropical city to host the Winter Games. Dmitry Chernyshenko has returned to his hometown as the president and chief executive of the Sochi 2014 organizing committee. Citrus and palm trees will provide a
In an era when adults make the news for accosting soccer referees and filing lawsuits against Little Leaguers, Laurie Cronenbold offers a welcome reminder that some parents are making life better for young athletes. Cronenbold lives in Newbury Park, Calif., with her husband and their three baseball-playing sons, ages 17 to 22. When her children
To the Sports Editor: Re &ldquo;In Virginia&rsquo;s Hills, a Football Crusade,&rdquo; Nov. 11: If Liberty University is successful in developing a major football program, its games will no doubt be included in the weekly Las Vegas spread lines and published in most daily newspapers, as well as being analyzed on television and throughout the
Jeff Gordon is not going to race for a championship on Sunday when the Nascar Sprint Cup season finale is held at Homestead-Miami Speedway. But he will surely be in the middle of a chase that could end in spectacular fashion if Clint Bowyer&rsquo;s No. 15 Toyota is anywhere near the rear bumper of Gordon&rsquo;s No. 24 Chevrolet. Payback, coming
The Russian speedskating champion Sergei Lisin is facing a two-year doping ban after failing a test for the blood booster EPO, Russia&rsquo;s governing body for the sport said. &ldquo;He has been provisionally suspended pending the results of the B sample,&rdquo; said Andrei Mitkov, a spokesman for the governing body. Lisin, 33, failed the test
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. &mdash; The Giants&rsquo; bye week prompted a sigh of relief from most players, offering them the opportunity to rest body and mind. For Will Hill, an undrafted rookie safety, there was no such reaction. He has already had the game taken from him twice. Hill was a top recruit from Jersey City who went to the University of
When Russell Wilson was a student at North Carolina State and Wisconsin, he routinely packed 18 credits into a semester, graduating in three years, then going to graduate school. He did this while also starting 50 consecutive football games and playing baseball well enough to be drafted by the Colorado Rockies and play in the minor leagues during
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. &mdash; Long ago, a wise man gave what Tony Sparano, the Jets &rsquo; offensive coordinator, deems an indispensable piece of advice. He told Sparano to imagine himself riding on a train. Outside the window, the scenery is beautiful. But blink, and it is gone, for the train just keeps grinding ahead toward its destination.
The financially stricken Spanish club Real Oviedo announced Saturday that the Mexican tycoon Carlos Slim Hel&uacute; had agreed to invest $2.5 million in the third-tier team, which faced bankruptcy before a huge fund-raising effort by fans. Oviedo narrowly staved off extinction after supporters over the past two weeks bought more than $1.9 million
The financially stricken Spanish club Real Oviedo says the Mexican tycoon Carlos Slim has agreed to invest $2.5 million in the third-tier team, which had been facing bankruptcy before a massive fund-raising effort by fans. Oviedo narrowly staved off financial extinction after supporters over the past two weeks bought more than $1.9 million in new
PRAGUE (AP) &mdash; The Czech Republic won the doubles Saturday to take a 2-1 lead over defending champion Spain in the Davis Cup final, moving within one victory of its first title as an independent nation. Tomas Berdych and Radek Stepanek rallied to beat Marcel Granollers and Marc Lopez, 3-6, 7-5, 7-5, 6-3. Berdych and Stepanek improved their
With another stifling defensive effort, Rutgers stayed in control of the Big East. The No. 22 Scarlet Knights (9-1, 5-0) shut down Cincinnati&rsquo;s potent offense Saturday to secure a 10-3 road victory and maintain a one-game conference lead over Louisville, which was idle. Rutgers&rsquo;s remaining games are at Pittsburgh and home against
BOSTON &mdash; The red sun was sinking and time on the clock was dwindling and Harvard quarterback Colton Chapple had no choice but to fling a pass toward the back of a crowded end zone. &ldquo;It was really all or nothing,&rdquo; Chapple said. Chapple has forged a gunslinging career, setting records with his arm, and his final collegiate pass
A golfer in his 40s and another in his teens qualified for the Masters 105 days apart, their generation gap bridged by a broomstick shaft. The belly putters used by 43-year-old Ernie Els in his victory at the British Open in July and by 14-year-old Guan Tianlang in his win at the Asia-Pacific Amateur Championship this month are the pokers stirring
More than a week after their last set of failed negotiations, the N.H.L. and the locked-out players association will return to the bargaining table Monday. Conversations that restarted Friday between Bill Daly, the N.H.L.&rsquo;s deputy commissioner, and Steve Fehr, the union&rsquo;s special counsel, produced enough movement Saturday to set up
SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. &mdash; Neil Sinclair, the hockey coach at Skidmore College, described the difference in having a player like Dave Dupuis. &ldquo;How many kids who go to a private liberal arts college can say that they&rsquo;ve hunted a wolf, a walrus, tracked a polar bear or set up a fishing net on a fall salmon run to help feed his
BOSTON (AP) &mdash; Rajon Rondo made up for lost time in a big way for the Boston Celtics after missing a game because of a sprained right ankle. Rondo had 20 assists for the second time this season and added 6 points to help the Celtics beat the Toronto Raptors , 107-89, on Saturday. Jason Terry scored 20 points, Paul Pierce added 19 points and 6
Tony La Russa is in Las Vegas this weekend, surrounded by champion athletes and coaches at a benefit for his animal rescue foundation. On Friday he paused to take a call about his old shortstop Walt Weiss, the new manager of the Colorado Rockies , who embodied the values that helped La Russa win thousands of games. &ldquo;I just listened to Mike
When the once-in-a-millennium tsunami struck northeastern Japan on March 11, 2011, it killed thousands of people and destroyed vast stretches of a rugged coastline. As the survivors in Fukushima, Miyagi and Iwate Prefectures started putting their lives back together, they came to rely on one another more than ever. &nbsp;Unlike in the United
Our nation, you might have heard, is divided. Two sets of outwardly reasonable people look at the same facts and come away with radically different conclusions. Elections drive those sets of people to cast ballots in what now seems like two nations coexisting in the same borders. But now the overwhelming rancor of the campaign is over and the
The Olympic star Sun Yang picked up his second gold medal of the Asian swimming championships in Dubai as the Chinese dominated for a second day. Sun&rsquo;s victory in the 400-meter freestyle was one of nine golds won by China in 10 races. &para; The Olympic gold medalist Camille Muffat set a short-course world record of 8 minutes, 1.06 seconds in
No. 1 North Carolina and No. 2 Princeton will meet in the N.C.A.A. final Sunday. North Carolina cruised past Syracuse, 6-1, while Princeton needed overtime to beat Maryland, 3-2. Sports Briefing | Field Hockey
Eagles quarterback Michael Vick will miss Sunday&rsquo;s game against the Washington Redskins because of the effects of a concussion, it was announced Friday. The rookie Nick Foles, who replaced Vick in Philadelphia&rsquo;s 38-23 loss to Dallas on Sunday, will get his first N.F.L. start in a matchup of 3-6 teams fighting to save their seasons.
Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Michael Vick will miss Sunday&rsquo;s game against the Washington Redskins because of the effects of a concussion. The rookie Nick Foles, who replaced Vick during a 38-23 loss to Dallas on Sunday and practiced with the first team all week, will get his first N.F.L. start in a matchup of 3-6 teams fighting to save
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. &mdash; After all that, the Jets are still scheduled to play Sunday. &ldquo;We&rsquo;re bringing our mitts, and here we come,&rdquo; Rex Ryan declared Friday. At the end of 72 hours that were bizarre &mdash; even by Jets standards &mdash; Ryan opened a news conference by responding to Rob Turner, a former Jets lineman who plays
Three retired N.F.L. players received at least $2 million in disability payments as a result of brain trauma injuries from their playing days, according to an article by ESPN and the PBS series &ldquo;Frontline.&rdquo; The payments were made in the 1990s and early 2000s by the Bell/Rozelle N.F.L. Player Retirement Plan, a committee comprising
Tomas Berdych beat Nicolas Almagro, 6-3, 3-6, 6-3, 6-7 (5), 6-3, to give the Czech Republic a 1-1 tie with Spain after the opening singles matches Friday in the Davis Cup final in Prague. Earlier, Spain&rsquo;s David Ferrer topped Radek Stepanek, 6-3, 6-4, 6-4. The fifth-ranked Ferrer has won a tour-best seven titles this season. The Czech Republic
It is a virtual bye week in the Southeastern Conference, with Wofford, Georgia Southern, Sam Houston State, Western Carolina and Jacksonville State among the opposition that will be rolled over by the top SEC teams. Marquee showdowns are in short supply Saturday, except out West. REVENGE FACTOR Fans of No. 1 Oregon held their collective breath last
LOS ANGELES &mdash; For summer training, the coach took his new team inland, where the average temperature hovered at 109 degrees. He pointed one afternoon toward the San Bernardino Mountains. A football season, the coach, Jim L. Mora. , told the U.C.L.A. Bruins, is like climbing one of those. The running back huddled with his teammates, donned his
NEW HAVEN &mdash; Yale Coach Tony Reno has reminded his staff during Monday meetings for more than a month to keep pushing to be innovative &mdash; not for creativity&rsquo;s sake, but out of necessity. For the Bulldogs, options are limited. They lost three quarterbacks to injury against Penn in October and are down to their fifth-stringer, who
The N.C.A.A. extended Tennessee&rsquo;s probation by two years as part of additional penalties handed down after a ruling that a former assistant football coach, Willie Mack Garza, provided impermissible travel and lodging to a former prospect. This extends a probationary period that started in August 2011 and now runs through Aug. 23, 2015. Sports
Ai Miyazato of Japan shot an eight-under-par 64 for a one-shot lead in the season-ending Titleholders in Naples, Fla. Miyazato, who has won twice this year, overcame a sloppy bogey on the par-5 second hole by making four birdies in a five-hole stretch to close out the front nine. She added four birdies on the back nine for the low round of the
Baylor&rsquo;s 42-game winning streak is over. Baylor, the defending national champion, lost to Stanford, 71-69, at the Rainbow Wahine Classic in Honolulu on Friday when Brittney Griner missed a short turnaround shot at the buzzer. Griner, last season&rsquo;s player of the year, scored 18 of her 22 points in the second half, helping the top-ranked
Jerry West had fouled out, having scored only 10 points, and watched as West Virginia, with its 26-1 record, was defeated in the first round of the 1958 N.C.A.A. tournament. As a Manhattan College player missed a meaningless free throw, fans spilled onto the Madison Square Garden court, throwing hats without care and cheering the hometown team. The
Askia Booker scored 19 points, and the Colorado men&rsquo;s team survived some dreadful foul shooting late to hold off No. 16 Baylor, 60-58, at the Charleston Classic. The Buffaloes (3-0) advance to Sunday night&rsquo;s championship game against Murray St., which beat St. John&rsquo;s, 72-67. Sports Briefing | College Basketball
The Knicks &rsquo; surprising start has naturally evoked curiosity about the club&rsquo;s best beginning ever. Using a perfect record as the measurement, the nod goes to the 1993-94 season, when Pat Riley guided the team to a 7-0 start on the way to a 57-25 finish. That record clinched first place in the Atlantic Division, and with Michael Jordan
A judge in Atlanta set bond at $100,000 for Chamique Holdsclaw, a former W.N.B.A. star and Olympic gold medalist, who was in jail on assault and weapons charges. She is accused of firing a shot into a car belonging to Jennifer Lacy, 29, who plays for the Tulsa Shock. The police say Holdsclaw, 35, also used a bat to smash the car&rsquo;s windows.
MEMPHIS &mdash; The two coaches stood on the opposite sides&nbsp; of the court on Friday, each one believing their style of play was superior. On one end stood Mike Woodson, who in a short period this season has transformed the Knicks into a team that plays small, relying on ball movement and strong perimeter defense. The&nbsp; Memphis Grizzlies
EL SEGUNDO, Calif. &mdash; Soon enough, Steve Nash will be orchestrating the offense, hitting Dwight Howard with perfect bullet passes in the lane, electrifying Staples Center, stirring visions of another parade down Figueroa Street. If the Los Angeles Lakers , now under the direction of Mike D&rsquo;Antoni, are to return to greatness, it will most
Kevin Durant and Kevin Martin each scored 27 points, and the visiting Oklahoma City Thunder rolled to their sixth win in seven games, 110-95, over the New Orleans Hornets on Friday night. Oklahoma City shot 54 percent (40 of 74) and built a lead of up to 34 points in the second half, allowing the starters to rest for the entire fourth quarter.
Just days after acquiring a group of stars from the Miami Marlins, the Toronto Blue Jays made another striking move Friday, signing the All-Star Melky Cabrera , whose 2012 season was cut short by a 50-game suspension for a failed drug test. The two-year deal is worth $16 million, according to a person in Major League Baseball with knowledge of the
Johnny Damon was 2 for 4 with a run scored, but his Thailand team was eliminated from World Baseball Classic qualifying by New Zealand, 12-2, in eight innings. In the other game, host Taiwan improved to 2-0 with a 16-0, seven-inning pounding of the Philippines. Sports Briefing | Baseball
It came as a cosmic coincidence, of course, that the two stories hit the top of the sports news in New York at roughly the same time, representing the best and worst of being a sports fan in New York, all swirled into one incongruous parfait. At one end of that spectrum, you have the heartwarming and uplifting tale of the former castoff R.A. Dickey
When it comes to table tennis, the United States is not exactly a world power. It has never won an Olympic medal. The most visible players in the country are not stars but weekend warriors: Warren Buffett, Bill Gates and the actress Susan Sarandon. At the elite level, immigrant talent has long been welcomed. The entire American team at the 2008
The Chinese swimmer Sun Yang picked up where he left off at the London Olympics by winning the 200-meter freestyle, his first gold medal at the Asian championships in Dubai. China dominated, winning 8 of the 10 races. Sports Briefing | Swimming
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (AP) &mdash; Mario Williams and the Buffalo Bills high-priced defense finally flexed its collective muscle, stuffing the Miami Dolphins in a 19-14 victory Thursday night. Safety Jairus Byrd forced a fumble and had an interception, while Bryan Scott sealed the victory with his second interception to end the Dolphins&rsquo;
BOSTON &mdash; N.F.L. Commissioner Roger Goodell said Thursday that the league was doing more than ever to combat serious injuries, including those from hits to the head that can cause brain trauma, but that a cultural shift was needed to change the &ldquo;warrior mentality&rdquo; of players unwilling to disclose when they are hurt. Goodell, who
Real Oviedo, a soccer team in the proud province of Asturias, is about 300 miles north of Madrid and about a million miles behind Real Madrid, the powerhouse that along with F.C. Barcelona defines Spanish soccer. Once a top-tier club, Real Oviedo tumbled as low as the fourth division, undone by years of financial negligence and political strife.
